hi it's Jimmy at his Friday night at the
end of another bad week in the United
States of America last night in
Minneapolis there was a protest as you
know that turned into a riot that turned
into a scene you typically only see in a
country that is at war on Monday an
unarmed black man George Floyd became
the latest in a series of unarmed black
men to be killed by a police officer for
the crime of trying to pass a fake $20
bill that he may not have even known was
a fake $20 bill for that an officer of
the peace put his knee on his throat for
eight minutes and ended his life and
many millions of Americans are very
angry especially in Minneapolis the
policeman who killed George Floyd and
the three other cops who stood there and
did nothing to stop him were fired but
none of them had been charged with any
crime until today which was almost
certainly a result of what happened last
night and the fact that no charges were
filed for anyone who saw that video was
very hard to understand so yesterday
late in the day the US attorney the
county attorney and the FBI held a joint
press conference which was intended to
reassure everyone that justice will be
done but it didn't do that it made it
worse and so again protesters gathered
they threw rocks they set the police
station on fire the police had to
abandon their headquarters they
abandoned the neighborhood stores were
set on fire there were explosions was
scaring and dangerous some of the angry
people started looting breaking windows
stealing things setting their own
community on fire and then unfortunately
this is the loop we get stuck in it goes
from it isn't right to kill in on our
man to well it also isn't right to loot
and set fires and attack the police too
but the police are attacking us and
killing us over and over and nothing
changes to well that needs to be settled
by the law too but an officer of the law
just killed another on our man and so on
last time there were senseless acts of
violence that were brought on by a
senseless act of violence and it just
keeps going in a loop and again the only
reason we even know what happened to
George Floyd is because it's on video
most incidents like this or not which is
why parents of young black men have to
teach their kids how to avoid being
killed based on the color of their skin
so last night the anger was getting more
intense the police are gone fire trucks
can't even get to the area to stop the
flames it's a very bad situation and are
disgusting excuse for a president mr.
tough guy
Donny bone spurs decides I know what
I'll do I'll make this worse at one
o'clock in the morning instead of trying
to make peace Donald Trump makes a
threat a violent threat he tweets these
thugs are dishonouring the memory of
George Floyd and I won't let that happen
just spoke to Governor Tim waltz and
told him that the military is with him
all the way any difficulty and we will
assume control but when the looting
starts the shooting starts thank you
when the looting starts the shooting
star our president is threatening to
order the military to shoot Americans
specifically black Americans and then of
course today as he often does when he
says something idiotic he tried to reel
that in he claimed he was saying he
didn't want that to happen it was a
warning not a warning warning but a
warning the sad thing about how much he
lies is he isn't even good at it and I
don't want to make this about Donald
Trump because this sense of hopelessness
and frustration that black people in
this country have been experiencing has
been brewing for a long time and not
just under Republican presidents or even
white presidents this is not on the
government it's on us but and I
especially want to pose this question to
older people who've seen this before in
this country who lived this nightmare of
race riots already in the 60s and 70s
80s now is this who you want leading us
a president who clearly and
intentionally inflames violence in the
middle of a riot to show how tough he is
commander-in-chief who threatens to put
members of our military our National
Guardsmen and women in the position of
having to shoot a fellow American on
sight I don't care what you are right
left the Republican Democrat I can't
imagine that there are many of us who
want that enough is enough we got to
vote this guy out already and we need to
work on this problem we have this
blatant double standard because when you
stand in front of the flag you put your
hand on your heart you pledge allegiance
with liberty and justice for all
we don't have that for all I mean I have
it a lot of you have it but it's not for
all so my wife showed me a video last
night it's a couple years old but it
really is relevant I think and before I
show it to you I want to say it's a
shame it even had to be made but it's
very powerful and I think it's worth
seeing especially right now before you
call the cops I just want you to know
the first thing that I did when I woke
up this morning was yelling my alarm
clock
my parents were raised in the south
I have to roll tide or they'll disown me
they raised me in Las Vegas that city
still has my heart
I hate spires
I'm a vegetarian
I'm not proud about it I've done go to
yoga I'm really not proud about that I
can tell you every single word off the
NWA Straight Outta Compton album I can
also send you every single word from
Oklahoma bananas are disgusting I am a
Christian I spent almost every Sunday
morning teaching kids and Sunday school
I am often asked if I am Muslim
I'm okay with that I'm pretty much
convinced if you met my mother you'd
automatically become a better person my
father is it better he taught me how to
say yes sir and yes ma'am to everyone
that I meet
I don't hate our president I pray for
I love basketball
[Music]
and also hockey this is my brother James
this is my brother Mike
this is my brother John and this is my
brother Rob I've never been to jail I've
never owned a gun I hate that anyone it
all might possibly be afraid of me I'd
go around the world and back again if I
knew that single act might make your day
better
[Music]
I'm a proud black man
does any of this really matter no
[Music]
I just wanted you to get to know me
better before you call the cops
[Music]